[MRG] ENH added automatic conversion to bv for fif if no meg (#237)
mne-tools/mne-bids: doc/whats_new.rst

Changelog
~~~~~~~~~

> - Added automatic conversion of FIF to BV with warning for EEG only data and conversion to FIF for meg non-FIF data, by `Alex Rockhill` _ (`#237 <https://github.com/mne-tools/mne-bids/pull/237>`_)

Reviewer: please avoid acronyms BV -> BrainVision
```suggestion
- Added automatic conversion of FIF to BrainVision format with warning for EEG only data and conversion to FIF for meg non-FIF data, by `Alex Rockhill` _ (`#237 <https://github.com/mne-tools/mne-bids/pull/237>`_)
```

> - Added automatic conversion of FIF to BrainVision format with warning for EEG only data and conversion to FIF for meg non-FIF data, by `Alex Rockhill` _ (`#237 <https://github.com/mne-tools/mne-bids/pull/237>`_)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added automatic conversion to BrainVision format for EEG only data and to FIF for meg (non-FIF) data, by `Alex Rockhill` _ (`#237 <https://github.com/mne-tools/mne-bids/pull/237>`_)
```

Reviewer 2: Actually, this will not render correctly because you don't have your name down below with link to website

Author: Fixed
